[Go] Add booleans Concept Exercise (#1627)
exercism/v3: design.md

## Learning objectives

> Know of the existence of the ```bool``` type and its two values.
> Know about boolean operators and how to build logical expressions with them.
> Know of the boolean operator precedence rules.

Reviewer: Just some consistency:

```suggestion
- Know of the existence of the `bool` type and its two values.
- Know about boolean operators and how to build logical expressions with them.
- Know of the boolean operator precedence rules.
```

## Out of scope

Nothing.

## Concepts

This Concepts Exercise's Concepts are:

> booleans: know of the existence of the bool type and its two values; know about boolean operators and how to build logical expressions with them; know of the boolean operator precedence rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `booleans`: know of the existence of the `bool` type and its two values; know about boolean operators and how to build logical expressions with them; know of the boolean operator precedence rules.
```

## Prerequisites

> This exercise's prerequisites Concepts are: 
> - Know of the existence of the bool type and its two values.
> - Know about boolean operators and how to build logical expressions with them.
> - Know of the boolean operator precedence rules.basics: know how to define methods

Reviewer: I don't think these are the prerequisites. Looking at the exercise, I think the one prerequisite you have is `basics`:

```suggestion
This exercise's prerequisites Concepts are: 

- `basics`: know how to define functions and return values.
```

Author: You are right! I've removed this in a previous PR and merged into master.
